
Narrator: Mentioning the challanges: 

 - Documenting APIs in a clear and understandable manner can be challenging.
 - Maintaining consistency across API documentation can be difficult, especially if multiple people are involved in writing it. 
 - Consistency in terminology, formatting, and structure is crucial for users to easily understand and navigate the documentation.
 - Ensuring that the documentation accurately reflects the functionality of the API is essential. 
 
 [This can be ignored: Any discrepancies between the documentation and the actual API behavior can lead to confusion and frustration for users.]

Narrator: Are you getting into the challenges to create or maintain the API documentation?
Are you also looking for creating tests for newly developed or modified APIs and validate the them?

Usually this takes a lot amount of time to go through this entire process for any set of APIs.

With Intelliswift, we have created a comprehensive tool to deal with entire process of documentation, test creation and validation in a flexible and efficient way! 

[Voice Over Transcript]

[Background music fades in]

Narrator: Welcome to the API DocTest Generator application, where you can effortlessly create and manage API specifications and test collections. 
Let's explore the key features and modules of this powerful tool.

[Background music fades out]

[Scene transition]

Narrator: API DocTest Generator is useful for the following scenarios: 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

	1. Creating a new API specification
	
	2. Updating an existing API Specification
	
	3. Generating API Tests Collection (Recently created API Spec and Test Data | Any of existing API Spec and Test Data)
		
	4. Execute an API Test Collection (Recently created Test Collection | Any Test Collection) 
		
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
[Scene transition]

Narrator: Now, let's delve into the two main modules of the API DocTest Generator:

[Scene transition]

[Module 1: API DocGen Module]

Narrator: The API Doc Gen Module empowers you to define and document your API specifications comprehensively.
You can either create a new API specification or updating an existing API Specification.

Narrator: 

	It eanbles user to create New API Specification or Update Existing API Specification.
	
	To create an api spec, user need to load the base template and go to next section to provide further information over the documentation.
	In the Document Info section, User needs to Specify documentation details like Title, Version, Detailed Description, Contact Details, Licenseing information and other references
	Moving to next section i.e. API Servers, User needs to Define Host URL, basepath and description for the APIs.
	
	Security enables user to configure Security Schemes for your APIs.
	Managing Tags by Organizing API operations with a flexible grouping mechanism.
	With Schemas section user can define the Structure and data types of request/response payloads.
	Path & Operations enables user to define API endpoints and supported HTTP methods along with related information.
	Finally user can obtain comprehensive documentation based on the provided API specification details and can copy or exports as per the need.

[Scene transition]

[Module 2: API Test Wizard Module]

Narrator: Another Important module is API Test Wizard. 
This Module enables you to effortlessly generate and execute API test collections.

[Scene transition]

Narrator: - Test Case Generator: Automatically generate API requests in the form of a test collection.
not only that, it also ingest test data as well as assertions for the created tests.
You can either use recently generated API specification or can upload your existing API specification for which you wanted to create tests With the provision of test data.

With Test Executor feature, user can execute the recently generated or any existing API test collection seamlessly with comprehensive report with detailed request and response information.

[Scene transition]

Narrator: With these intuitive modules, the API DocTest Generator simplifies the process of managing API specifications and testing, empowering you to streamline your development workflow effectively.

[Background music fades in]

Narrator: Experience the convenience and efficiency of the API DocTest Generator today! 
For more details, please contact to our Technical\Marketing Leaders. 

[Background music fades out]

[Closing scene]
